they pushed pulled and carried
everything from recliners to
refrigerators but even the Alabama heat
and steady rain couldn't dampen the
spirits of freshman move-in day at UAB
you know it's an amazing day we have
over a thousand freshmen moving into
blazer and camp Hall this morning we
have tons of volunteers all of our
student groups everything from
authorities Sumter nities to campus
ministries to rotc are out here helping
these students and their families move
in so though it may be a little damp
weather wise the spirits aren't happened
at all it looked a bit chaotic at times
but the day puffed along right on
schedule more than 30 babies student
organizations were on hand to help
parents and freshmen transport their
possessions to camp in blazer hall
student groups handed out popcorn
welcome offered cold towels drinks and
even snow cones to students and parents
everything was organized yes right down
to the elevator rides Jimmy wings will
have two daughters at UAV this fall
today he helped move in his youngest
jame the freshman she's been talking
about that ever since she was like in
8th grade you know I'm going to UAB UAV
UAB so it's been her hold on the school
she won't look at was UAV this year's
residential population is UAVs
largest-ever the great enemy of Iser
freshman Nicholas Pinza is excited to
move into his dorm room and for his
future as a blazer maybe because it's
the best I mean I want to do a
biomedical engineering program and this
is the best and med school which would
be great and I'd like this school period
I mean all of the rec center as moving
day begin to wind down parents like home
leading their new college student either
to begin their first day as a UAB
freshman
you